feat: unify reload and restart arguments (#5514)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/flow/hot-reload.md

# Hot Reload

> While developing your Flow, it can be useful to have it reload automatically as you change the Flow YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While developing your Flow, you may want it to reload automatically as you change the Flow YAML.
```

For this you can use the Flow's `reload` argument to reload it with the updated configuration every time you change the YAML configuration.

````{admonition} Caution
:class: caution
This feature aims to let developers iterate faster while developing, but is not intended for production use.
````

````{admonition} Note
:class: note
This feature requires watchfiles>=0.18 package to be installed.
````

> To see how this works, let's define a Flow in `flow.yml` with a `reload` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how this works, let's define a Flow in `flow.yml` with a `reload` option:
```

```yaml
jtype: Flow
with:
  port: 12345
  reload: True
executors:
- name: exec1
  uses: ConcatenateTextExecutor
```

> We build a Flow and expose it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build a Flow and expose it:
```

```python
import os
from jina import Flow, Executor, requests

class ConcatenateTextExecutor(Executor):
    @requests
    def foo(self, docs, **kwargs):
        for doc in docs:
            doc.text += 'add text '

os.environ['JINA_LOG_LEVEL'] = 'DEBUG'

f = Flow.load_config('flow.yml')

with f:
    f.block()
```

> We can see that the Flow is running and serving:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see that the Flow is running and serving:
```

```python
from jina import Client, DocumentArray

c = Client(port=12345)

print(c.post(on='/', inputs=DocumentArray.empty(1))[0].text)
```

```text
add text
```

> We can edit the Flow YAML file and save the changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit the Flow YAML file and save the changes:
```
